# TaskForceZulu
Tim's team!!!!!! We worship the divine deity Tim.

## To open in Vexcode Pro
Use Ctrl + O and select the v5code file.

## Motor ports
Lift clamp: 1<br/>
Conveyor belt: 5<br/>
Drivetrain: 2, 12<br/>
Lift arms: 3, 13<br/>
Body lift: 9, 14<br/>

(This may be inaccurate because I don't update the readme, accurate port info is declared in src/robot-config.cpp)

## Reporting software issues
[Open a new issue](https://github.com/DairyProducts/TaskForceZulu/issues/new) if you find a problem that is strictly software related. 80% of problems are due to incorrect port configuration or driver error.

Also open a new issue if you want something changed or added (like if you want to change the port a motor plugs into).

## Maintenance
I'll update this every time a new issue comes up or an update is needed until the project finishes (May/June 2022). I'll give extended support probably until sometime in August 2022 and then I'll depreciate it (and possibly archive it). You can fork it then if you want (though I don't know why you'd want to).

# Documentation (kind of)
* include > robot-config.h: declares components and component groups. Autogenerated by VEXCode PRO.
* include > vex.h: some definitions, I don't know. Autogenerated by VEXCode PRO.
* src > main.cpp: main class. Contains some functions for the robot that aren't used. Many of these functions are rewritten as tweaks in robot-config.cpp. I believe the only functions used are movetoacceptrings, belttoggle, and spinlift(spins the lift clamp).
* src > robot-config.cpp: configuration and default behavior framework for multiple components and groups. Tweaked because using main.cpp wasn't working. Mostly autogenerated by VEXCode PRO.
* TFZuluLite.v5code: used as metadata by VEXCode Pro to open the project.

## More information about VexCODE
[See here](https://www.vexrobotics.com/vexcode-pro)
